hello everyone this is brother Karl
Anthony Lia and you're watching creature
illusions today I'm going to talk about
the first station of the cross Jesus is
condemned to death in 1990 I experienced
one of the most challenging Christ's in
my professional career as a manager in
charge of Hermant and materials I was
falsely accused of stealing valuable
company assets during those two weeks of
Investigation
I experienced agony and anxiety and I
was so helpless I told myself that I do
to deserve this I gave everything to
this company my time my dedication and
sometimes forgetting about my family but
then I realized I had to defend myself
I had to fight it up not only because I
need to clear my name but because I did
the job after the investigation my name
was finally cleared of any wrongdoing I
later filed the cases the person who
maligned me and spread those
falsification and then he begged for my
mercy as for my forgiveness even if I
have anger in my heart I felt that I had
to forgive him because he was lose his
job
as I recall this very painful experience
in my life
I remember Jesus when he was arrested at
the Garden which is the Chairman II was
brought before the Sun hundred people
accuse him of crimes he never committed
the worst he was condemned to die on the
cross because of this false accusation
and all through this time remain silent
he kept quiet and I asked myself how can
he do that
how could he not defend itself and you
know what the answer found the night
before in John 15:13 he's greater love
than this that a man lay down his life
for his friends I believe what this was
standing there and being accused of the
crime scene every commit he thought
about this promise to you and me he
thought about you and me he knew that he
was going to the process of food
sacrifice and ultimately died on the
cross but it had to go through it he
wanted to go through it because of you
and because of me as we begin our way of
the Cross this first station I want you
to remember that in the midst of your
suffering whenever you are experiencing
pain that seems to drain your strength
and spirit whenever you face
difficulties and there seems to be no
hope God is there Jesus is there he is
suffering with you and more importantly
he is there always to save you our God
was condemned to death is now Allah and
he is free so that you and me will be
free as well its power heads and pray
the name of father and of the son
the Holy Spirit amen Lord Jesus with
that you are always holding our hand and
even if we are facing problems and
difficulties even if people condemn us
turn their back against us
you will never turn your back against us
you will always be there not only to
suffer with us but more importantly to
save us
you are afraid for God and we know
within our heart that you are indeed
amen
in the name of the Father the Son and
the Holy Spirit amen amen
once again this is brother Carl and
you're watching preacher in blue jeans
you're those of everyday spirituality
thank you for your donations and love
offerings to curing my family your
generosity allows us to spread God's
Word through broadcasts like today's
episode may God bless you
abundant